{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 >>> wipro_role_all_list\
['Jr. Prod Support', 'Pl. Prod Support', 'Sr. Prod Support', 'Jr. SET', 'Pl. SET', 'Sr. SET', 'Jr. Developer', 'Developer', 'Pl. Developer', 'Sr. Developer', 'Jr. Business Analyst', 'Pl. Business Analyst', 'Sr. Business Analyst', 'Jr. Change Manager', 'PL-SQL', 'Jr. DevOps', 'Pl. DevOps', 'Jr. Test Engineer', 'Test Engineer', 'Pl. Test Engineer', 'Sr. Test Engineer', 'Jr. Net Engineer', 'Network Engineer', 'Sr. Net Engineer', 'Jr. Tech Lead', 'Pl. Tech Lead', 'Sr. Tech Lead', 'Team Lead', 'Tech Lead ', 'Project Lead']\
>>> wipro_role_support_list\
['Jr. Prod Support', 'Pl. Prod Support', 'Sr. Prod Support', 'Jr. SET', 'Pl. SET', 'Sr. SET', 'Jr. Developer', 'Developer', 'Pl. Developer', 'Sr. Developer', 'Jr. Business Analyst', 'Pl. Business Analyst', 'Sr. Business Analyst', 'Jr. Change Manager', 'PL-SQL', 'Jr. DevOps', 'Pl. DevOps', 'Jr. Test Engineer', 'Test Engineer', 'Pl. Test Engineer', 'Sr. Test Engineer', 'Jr. Net Engineer', 'Network Engineer', 'Sr. Net Engineer', 'Jr. Tech Lead', 'Pl. Tech Lead', 'Sr. Tech Lead', 'Team Lead', 'Tech Lead ', 'Project Lead']\
>>> wipro_role_set_list\
['Jr. SET', 'Pl. SET', 'Sr. SET']\
>>> wipro_role_dev_list\
['Jr. Developer', 'Developer', 'Pl. Developer', 'Sr. Developer', 'Jr. Business Analyst', 'Pl. Business Analyst', 'Sr. Business Analyst', 'Jr. Change Manager', 'PL-SQL', 'Jr. DevOps', 'Pl. DevOps']\
>>> wipro_role_test_list\
['Jr. Test Engineer', 'Test Engineer', 'Pl. Test Engineer', 'Sr. Test Engineer']\
>>> wipro_role_network_list\
['Jr. Net Engineer', 'Network Engineer', 'Sr. Net Engineer']\
>>> wipro_role_lead_list\
['Jr. Tech Lead', 'Pl. Tech Lead', 'Sr. Tech Lead', 'Team Lead', 'Tech Lead ', 'Project Lead']\
}